So now let's talk
about Microsoft Active Directory
and this is not AWS just yet, but I will get to it.
So this is a simplified version
but Microsoft Active Directory or AD is found
on any windows server that has AD domain services.
And it's going to be a database of objects,
and these objects can be user accounts, computers, printers
file shares, security groups,
and with Microsoft Directory,
you have Centralized Security Management,
you can create your accounts,
you can assign permissions all within it.
So when would you have used Active Directory before?
Well, say for example, that you had a Windows laptop,
and you were connected to your corporate internet,
then you would have a Domain Controller
which defined that you, John, have a password,
maybe the password is password.
And so that means that if you log in
onto any of the machines, belonging to your company,
because they are connected to the Domain Controller,
you can use this combination of username
and password on password of any of these machines
allowing you to seamlessly use your log in
on too many different services or laptops and so on.
So this is a very, very high level
of what Active Directory is.
It's a way for you to manage users,
computers, printers, and so on,
usually within on-premises system.
Now, AWS is different
because it doesn't have active directory on it,
but you can extend Active Directory
using AWS directory services.
So you have three files on it
and to be honest, you don't really need know them,
but I just wanna give you an overview again
that what is possible on active on directory services.
So the first one is, AWS Manage Microsoft AD,
which is to create your own Active Directory in AWS,
where you can manage users locally,
and you have support for multifactor authentication.
If you have a on-premises Active Directory already
you can establish a trust between the two
and they will be joined together,
and they will be basically trusting each other.
So this is the first way to do Active Directory on AWS.
Then you have the AD connector, and this is a proxy,
that is going to redirect request originating
from AWS, to your on-premises AD,
and it supports multifactor authentication
but the users themself, they live on the on-premises AD.
So that means that you authorize into the AD connector
which is going to proxy request into your on-prem AD.
And finally, you have simple AD,
which is not Microsoft Active Directory,
but it's an Active Directory
compatible managed directory on AWS,
and it cannot be joined with an on-premise AD.
It would just be a simple standalone
Active Directory in the Cloud.
Now you don't need to know all these staff
going into the exam, this is more something
for the Certified Solutions Architect Associates,
or professional, but from a exams stand point
at the Cloud Practitioner Exam,
all you need to is know that Directory Services
is used whenever you hear about Active Directory
or Microsoft Active Directory.
So that's it, I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.